Prototype Review (#2)
directus/api-tests: README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://directus.io" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">
    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/522079/43096167-3a1b1118-8e86-11e8-9fb2-7b4e3b1368bc.png" width="140" alt="Directus Logo"/>
  </a>
</p>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

<h1 align="center">
  Directus Functional Testing Suite
</h1>

<h3 align="center">
  <a href="https://directus.io">Website</a> •
  <a href="https://docs.directus.io">Docs</a> •
  <a href="https://docs.directus.io/api/reference.html">API Reference</a> •
  <a href="https://docs.directus.io/guides/user-guide.html">User Guide</a> •
  <a href="https://directus.app">Demo</a> •
  <a href="https://docs.directus.io/getting-started/supporting-directus.html">Contribute</a> •
  <a href="https://twitter.com/directus">Twitter</a>
</h3>

<p>&nbsp;</p>

> > _The Directus 7 test suite has been built to help ensure that endpoints should work after a change has been made to the API, hopefully preventing merge issues and keeping Directus working as expected._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _The Directus 7 test suite has been built to help ensure that endpoints still work as expected after a change has been made to the API,  preventing merge issues and keeping Directus working as expected._
```

<p>&nbsp;</p>

## Installation

> - Install the CLI [ `npm install -g directest` ]

Reviewer: We should either call it `@directus/tests`, or not put it on `npm` at all.

(Why would we put this on npm?)

Reviewer: I think I prefer to clone this repo and run `npm start` instead.
